Create standard docsify navbar (#18527)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

> As Kyma moved from the component-based to the module-based approach, all new versions of the Kyma modules are now released separately. The list below includes the GitHub release pages for all the available modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Kyma moved from the component-based to the module-based approach, all new versions of the Kyma modules are now released separately. 
See the GitHub release pages for all the available modules:
```
